Code Work (#73)
vmstan/vmstio: docus/content/infrastructure/purity.md

---
title: Source Code
---

# Source Code

Our goal is to provide the best possible Mastodon experience for our members.
One way to deliver on that is by delivering the most up-to-date Mastodon code.

> We are always "running off main" which means using the latest commits to the Mastodon codebase found on the project's official [GitHub](https://github.com/mastodon/mastodon) repository, and then at the application build time, applying a limited modification set and pushing a Docker container for consumption by our Kubernetes cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We  "run off main", which means using the latest commits to the `main` branch of the Mastodon codebase found on the project's official [GitHub](https://github.com/mastodon/mastodon) repository.
We do modify the code at application build time by applying a limited set of changes to the standard code.
We then push the modified code to a Docker container for consumption by our Kubernetes cluster.
```
